Update hello_world.md (#107)
fortran-lang/fortran-lang.org: learn/quickstart/hello_world.md

To install gfortran on Linux, use your system package manager.

> Otherwise, for macOS or Windows, refer to gfortran binaries from 
> [this page](http://www.equation.com/servlet/equation.cmd?fa=fortran).

Reviewer: The equation.com links seems to serve only Windows binaries. This suggestion adds resources for macOS.

```suggestion
On macOS, you can install gfortran using [Homebrew](https://brew.sh/) or [MacPorts](https://www.macports.org/).
On Windows, you can get native binaries [here](http://www.equation.com/servlet/equation.cmd?fa=fortran).
```

Author: @milancurcic,

Thank you for including the macOS in this tutorial. Do we need someone to test this before committing? I do not have a means of testing the macOS setup.

Thanks.

> Otherwise, for macOS or Windows, refer to gfortran binaries from 
> [this page](http://www.equation.com/servlet/equation.cmd?fa=fortran).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
On macOS, you can install gfortran using [Homebrew](https://brew.sh/) or [MacPorts](https://www.macports.org/).
On Windows, you can get native binaries [here](http://www.equation.com/servlet/equation.cmd?fa=fortran).
```
